---
title: "English for Academic Purposes (学术英语写作)"
nolink: True
collection: teaching
type: "Graduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2023-spring-FL6001
venue: "CS, SJTU"
date: 2023-02-13
time: "Winter 2023"
location: "Shanghai, China"
---

This course introduces the acdemic writing in graduate level.

Course Description
=====
English for Academic Purposes (EAP) is a course designed for all graduate students at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. Students in this course will explore research papers in their disciplines, learn to read and write research papers, and learn how to make academic presentations. By the end of this course, students should be prepared for independent academic writing at the graduate level and for delivering presentations with confidence.


Course Objectives
=====
At the end of the semester, you should be able to:

* recognize what plagiarism is, and learn to avoid it;
* recognize and write in different genres in an academic setting;
* understand how to write research papers in your discipline;
* plan, structure, and deliver academic presentation
 

Course Requirements
=====
1. Do not plagiarize! If you plagiarize an assignment, you will receive no points from that assignment; meanwhile, five points will be deducted from your performance grade. If you plagiarize for the second time, you will fail this course. Learn what plagiarism is and how to avoid it from Lesson 1 and the Indiana University website.
2. Plan to participate actively in class. This includes participation in classroom discussions, Q&A, and writing.
3. Submit all assignments on time. Late submissions will result in a 10% reduction of your grade every day. No points will be given to an assignment which is 10 days late.
4. Find and make a copy of two journal articles in your discipline.
5. Plan to spend at minimum of three hours per week finishing readings and assignments.
6. Make sure to check Canvas and preview relevant chapters in the textbook every week before a new lesson starts. You need to read relevant material and do exercises to get ready.
7. If you choose to use cell phones, laptops and other electronic devices in class, use them only for class related activities. Do not go to social media or email while in class. 
 

Grading
=====
* Attendance (7%)
* Performance (10%)
* MOOC reviews (8% = 1%*5 + high quality bonus 3%)
* Recognizing Plagiarism Certificate (5%)
* Report-writing assignment (10%)
* Explanation-writing assignment (10%)
* In-class written task (30%)
* Presentation delivery (20 %)
 

Attendance Policy
=====
* Regular attendance is required. This course requires a minimum of two thirds of attendance. In other words, if you miss FIVE or more classes, you will fail this course.
* Punctuality is important. Lateness disrupts the class for everyone, so show respect for your classmates and your teacher by being Three tardy arrivals will be considered the same as one absence.
* If you are absent, it is your responsibility to contact the instructor or your classmates to find out what you missed and to complete any assignments on time.